RFC: Use `input()` if not exists `nui.nvim` (#3)
yuki-yano/tsnip.nvim: doc/tsnip_nvim.txt

Plugin to expand snippets written in Pure TypeScript(Deno).

> This plugin depends on denops.vim and optional depends on nui.nvim.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This plugin depends on denops.vim, and optionally does on nui.nvim.
```

- denops.vim
    https://github.com/vim-denops/denops.vim

> - nui.nvim (optional: provides rich input UI)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- nui.nvim (optional: it is used for the rich input UI.)
```

  Default value is '~/.vim/tsnip'

*g:tsnip_use_nui*

>   Is v:true, always use |nui.nvim| else always use |input()|

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If the option is set as true, then it always uses |nui.nvim| else uses |input()|.
```

>   Default value is result of `!!luaeval('pcall(require, "nui.input")')`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  The default value is result given by `!!luaeval('pcall(require, "nui.input")')`
```
